It's magic!
This is my father's signature kung fu
It's all used
It seems that it has come to the point where it has to be fought
Brother Ying Feng, come on
Demon Lord, you are too impatient
I haven't used the power of the divine bone yet
xiaoyifeng
Your father died under my trick back then
It's your turn today.
God help me
Do not interfere
Xiao Yifeng, you can't leave today
Outside this hall
Among the tens of thousands of demons under this deity
I'm waiting for him to skin you
You, you promised me not to kill him, don't worry
Who will we kill today?
Definitely, right?
Xiao Yingfeng, I will do it one last time and hand over the magic
own effort
I will spare you
Why are you in a hurry, Lord Demon Lord?
Afraid of being killed by me
Toast, eat a fine, and die?
Hahahahaha one.
one
One by one.
My lord, he's dead, he's dead, hahahaha.